- PQ transfer occurred
- PQ introduced themselves
- PQ introduced the underwriter/agent
- Smooth handoff from PQ to agent
- Agent took control after transfer
o Answer the phone with energy and enthusiasm by saying: “Hello this is <<Your Name>> in the final expense department,
who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?”
o “Who I Am, What I Do” – Did I use call control when needed, andmaintain high energy and enthusiasm?
o “Fact Finding” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Did I use the 3&1 Method?
o Does this prospect like me and find me credible?
o Did I gather information that I can later refer to in the script?
o “Medical” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Did I produce an effective medical takeaway?
o Which product does this client qualify for?
o Have I built urgency with this client using my voice inflection and drill down method?
o “Need” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Did someone share a vivid story with details about people, places, and things?
o Did I uncover any current or canceled coverage? Premium, face amount, length of time in plan, type of coverage,
why the plan was purchased (and canceled), and how the plan was purchased?
o Did I find the need?
o Does the prospect feel that need?
o Did I suggest the client needing around $60 to $100 of life insurance premium?
o “Features& Benefits” – Did I share a relevant story with the prospect about one of the specific features and benefits?
o “Change Up” – Did I correctly use volume, tempo, tonality, pausing, bottled enthusiasm, and voice inflection to
summarize the entire experience in one paragraph for the prospect?
o “Pre-Close” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Did I sound genuine when I said, “OK, WOW!”
o Did I maintain the proper voice inflection throughout the section?
o “Quotes” – Did I quote $100/$70/$60 in order?
o “Close” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Was I quiet after I asked the prospect to choose a check amount?
o If the client needed help picking a plan, did I interrupt them and read the second paragraph?
o “Application Information” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Was I able to keep the section moving rhythmically and notstall at any time?
o Did I maintain the proper voice inflection throughout the section?
o Did I correctly overcome any SSN concern by simply stating, “Its ok, go ahead.”
o “Payment Date” – Tasksto accomplish:
o Did I read this section word for word?
o Did I a.) Speak with confidence and certainty to to make the client feel comfortable b.) Set the payment up for the
day the client gets their benefits?
o “Banking” – Tasks to accomplish:
o Did I read this section word for word?
o Did I maintain the proper voice inflection throughout the section?
o Did I look up the routing number and share it with the prospect (if possible)?
o Did the prospect repeat account information three separate times and give the same digits?
o Did I verify the check number was not placed on the account number line?
o “Disclosures” – Did I read the disclosures to the prospect?
o “3rd Party Underwriting” – Did the client clearly answer all questions correctly, and did medication that was brought up
still qualify customer for the quoted plan?
o “Peace of Mind” – Did I maintain high energy and enthusiasm?
o “Cool Down” – Did I spend the last number of minutes with my prospect talking about topicsthat are unrelated to life
insurance?